Refine test task convention upgrade guide section (#24068)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/migration/upgrading_version_8.adoc

Starting in Gradle 9.0, this method will be removed without replacement.

[[test_task_default_classpath]]
==== Relying on conventions for custom Test tasks

By default, when applying the link:java_plugin.html[`java`] plugin, the `testClassesDirs`
and `classpath` of all `Test` tasks have the same convention. Unless otherwise changed,

> the default behavior is to use the tests from the default `test` link:jvm_test_suite_plugin.html[`TestSuite`].

Author: ```suggestion
the default behavior is to execute the tests from the default `test` link:jvm_test_suite_plugin.html[`TestSuite`] 
by configuring the task with the `classpath` and `testClassesDirs` from the `test` suite.
```

This behavior will be removed in Gradle 9.0.

While this existing default behavior is correct for the use case of executing the default unit
test suite under a different environment, it is not fit for the use case of executing
a separate set of tests entirely.

> If the current default behavior is desired, use the following code to avoid the deprecation warning in 8.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to continue including these tests, use the following code to avoid the deprecation warning in 8.1
```
